From conservation to the behaviour of all animals, I have always been fascinated by the intricacies of the organisms that surround us, and how they thrive alongside each other. By learning about many critically endangered animals, like the amur leopard, my eagerness to help restore rapidly declining populations has grown even greater and increasingly urgent. At a youthful age, I discovered the inspirational Sir David Attenborough's documentaries such as 'Our Planet' and 'Life on Earth.' These programmes fuelled my burning desire to discover more about nature and how we can reverse the damage caused due to climate change. Once I began to own and care for pets, including many rescued dwarf rabbits and a panther chameleon, I knew that zoology was the field for me. I hope to find out more about these complicated creatures and answer my questions such as: how chameleons alter their colouring and similar to Jane Goodall's findings, how chimpanzees learned to use tools. I constantly strive to broaden my knowledge and genuinely believe zoology is the way to do this. My A-levels in Biology, Chemistry and Psychology, to my AS-Level in Core Maths successfully helped me in finding what I love to learn about. I especially took pleasure in A-level Biology when learning module 4 being biodiversity, evolution and disease. This module features my favourite topics including adaptations, phylogeny, human influence, reasons for protecting biodiversity and more. We conducted many field practicals that allowed me to obtain a hands-on approach towards my education which I particularly enjoyed and hope to continue during the course. This includes the most notable practicals conducted at my sixth form. We set up pitfall traps and found an incredible collection of diverse invertebrates and used sweep netting to inspect those that live on top of the water. It was wonderful to see insects like dragonflies to isopods such as woodlice appreciating our grounds. After reading 'The Epigenetics Revolution' by Nessa Carey, I was instantly intrigued by inheritance and disease. Her book also discusses genetics, and I was immediately gripped when she explained the biology behind why all tortoise shell cats are female and the use of stem cells for cloning. As I am under 18, age impacts my work experience options. Despite this, I have been offered jobs from my local vets to animal shelters for when I am at their required age and aim to get these jobs when possible. Massive open online courses (MOOC's) have enabled me to complete virtual work experience courses including 'COP26's learning for a sustainable future,' which taught me how we are tackling climate change now, as well as our future plans. I have also completed courses from Alison's website called 'Introduction to zoology,' 'Introduction to wildlife conservation' and 'Wildlife Conservation and Ecosystems'. As a result, I have gained insight as to how we can protect the Earth, save animals and their habitats. During Year 12, I co-hosted an eco-committee with a few of my fellow students where we raised money to plant new trees on school grounds, increasing biodiversity and offering habitats to local wildlife. Additionally, during my education I volunteered to help teachers with countless parent's evenings and open days for my Sixth Form. My spare time is used for hobbies such as cooking or looking after my rescued pets, for whom I often craft enrichment. Making and consuming traditional meals from Hong Kong allows me to connect with my culture and cherish it. In the future I wish to travel, for example to Malaysia, which is where I plan to gain further experience in zoology within their national parks and visit family members like my grandfather. I am eager to study and fulfil my life goal of becoming a conservation zoologist by helping critically endangered species achieve safety and security. I am willing to do whatever it takes to protect these animals and reduce their likelihood of extinction.